another glorious day the air as
delicious to the loons as nectar to the
tone
one must keep close to nature's heart
and break clear away once no errand to
wash your spirit clean
walk away quietly in any direction and
taste the freedom of the Mountaineer
nature's peace will flow and you as
sunshine flows into trees
the winds will blow their own freshness
into you and a storm's their energy
while tears will drop off like autumn
leaves
any fool can destroy trees they cannot
run away and if they could they would
still be destroyed chased and hunted
down as long as fun on a dollar called
better their barricades
a battle we afford and are still
fighting for the forests is part of the
eternal conflict between right and wrong
and we cannot expect to see the end of
it I have done I've said hoped it oh I
know
the mountains are calling and I must go
you